[ADVENTURERS yell]
[RYOMA]
The smash boar!
[RYOMA] Maybe arrows aren't
the way to go with this thing.
Its hide is too thick.
--Run away, kid!
--Don't dillydally!
You two keep running
and I'll take the boar!
Um... Thanks.
Yeah, seriously!
You just saved our lives!
Of course.
Are both of you okay
for the most part?
Uh-huh.
Made it out with just a few
scratches 'cause you stepped in.
But we're a party of
three and our third
was severely injured.
So I promise we'll repay
your good deed,
but right now we really need
to focus on helping her!
In that case, maybe
I should tag along?
Healing magic is kind of
a specialty of mine.
[KEN]
You're a healer, too?
Wow! Meeting you was
an amazing stroke of luck!
Leaving your big catch
unattended won't do, though.
You wait here and we'll bring
our friend over to you.
That works for me.
[KEN]
Be right back!
Okay. Dimension Home.
Go ahead and drain
it dry, bloody buddy.
Mister Pioro seemed pretty
earnest when he mentioned
how well the meat sells.
While I'm at it, I should
have the healing slime
ready for their friend.
You did that so fast!
And this thing's size
is nothin' to sneeze at.
You're "A-positive"-ly
awesome, slime!
[RYOMA] Looks to me like the
boar rammed into her, head-on.
Apart from these bad bruises,
she has a few broken bones.
But I should be able to
patch her up, good as new.
Oh. Thank you.
Gosh, you sure managed to
tame an impressive slime.
It's amazing!
Guess I owe both
of you my life, huh?
We're more than happy to help.
[KEN]
Here, a token of our gratitude.
I know it's not enough,
but it's all we've got on hand.
Well, at least for now.
We have a job to cash
in back at the guild.
We were collecting herbs
when that boar came
charging at us from
out of nowhere.
We didn't lose anything
we gathered, though.
Which means our herb-collecting
money is all yours!
Or I'll just take whatever's
in this pouch,
and we'll call it even.
Really?
That's all you want
for saving our lives?
Maybe the rest of your
payment could be as a favor.
It works out, actually.
I can't haul this on my own.
Will you help me
carry it into town?
Yeah, we'll gladly lend a hand!
Just tell us where
to drop it off!
There's one other thing,
if that's okay.
I also saw the job
back at the guild hall
asking for herbs.
Before the smash boar attacked,
that's what I was
out here doing.
So it'd be very helpful
if you three could act as my
witnesses and tell the guild
officials I didn't purposely
hunt it down.
[GROUP gasps]
Wait! If you were out doing
the same job as us,
then are you E-rank, too?
Yep. Guess we skipped intros,
but my name's Ryoma Takebayashi.
And my name is Filly.
The cute one over
here in blue is Lurie.
And him, his name is Ken.
[RYOMA]
Pleasure to meet you all!
You know, ranks aside,
smash boars are quite dangerous,
yet you handled
that one with ease.
I wouldn't say "with ease."
I'm pretty sure it was
just a lucky punch.
[PIORO]
What?!
You really killed
the smash boar?
You heard me when
I said I was just kidding
about that, right?
[MIYABI] Mister Ryoma,
explain what I'm seeing!
A smash boar's carcass.
Don't you be smart
with me right now!
Why am I seeing you beside
a smash boar's carcass
when we both agreed you
wouldn't go after it, huh?
"Run away if you see it, okay?"
Ring any bells for ya?
[GUILD CLERK]
Uh, excuse me.
[MIYABI]
No, you're not excused!
We're busy, if you
haven't noticed!
I'm on orders from
the Adventurer's Guild.
There were rumors that
someone carried a smash boar
into the building,
so they sent me to check on it.
Yeah.
There's no hiding that hide.
[GUILD CLERK]
But no one's claimed the bounty.
As a measure to keep
the lower-ranks safe,
hunting without a
licensed job is prohibited.
Do you mind telling
me what happened?
We'd know by now
if you hadn't interrupted!
All right, enough stalling!
Explain yourself!
Well, guys?
Will you fill them in, please?
[GROUP]
Mm-hmm.
I'm glad I thought
to ask them to testify.
Really glad.
Saving their lives, huh?
All things considered, yeah.
I guess that's a good excuse.
It certainly is.
Means no regulations
were violated.
Please take the tusk of the
smash boar back to the guild
as proof that it's been
slain so you can receive
your bounty in full.
I'm sorry if I
caused any trouble.
No trouble at all.
Now I can leave
you folks in peace.
The three of us should
take our leave as well.
Unless there's another favor
you'd like to cash in?
[RYOMA] No, you guys
did more than enough.
It was our pleasure!
[PIORO]
Anyhoo.
Now that the
excitement's died down,
let's get into the wet work.
Right!
To confirm, you are willing
to sell 100% of the meat
to the Saionji Company, yeah?
[RYOMA]
Almost.
It'd be nice if you
could cut a few pieces
for me as well.
[PIORO]
Wouldn't wanna not be nice!
[knife slicing]
--[COOK A] What the--?
--[PIORO] Something wrong?
Look at this slab of meat.
There's not a drop of
blood to be found.
A boar without blood?
[RYOMA]
Oh, yeah.
I drained all of it
before I got here.
How did you pull
off a trick like that?
What, is butchering another
one of your hobbies?
Believe it or not,
it was a slime!
One that feeds exclusively
on the blood of animals.
Pretty neat, isn't it?
Never realized how many
different slimes there are.
[PIORO]
Neither did I!
Ryoma! Please consider selling
me this astounding slime!
What?
Look at this meat! Look!
Because of your wondrous,
blood-sucking companion,
this is top-shelf stuff!
Now, it's super high quality,
and super high quality
justifies super high prices!
So, please! Sell me the slime!
Well you'll run into
all kinds of issues
without a tamer
around to control it.
And sorry, but I'm
not gonna part with
the only bloody slime I have.
Just slice it in two and
give me one of the halves!
I'm okay.
Can you not be weird for,
like, five minutes, Dad?
Ugh! Don't even know how
embarrassing you are!
I was joking! Calm down.
[MIYABI] I saw that look on
your face, and it was no joke!
[RYOMA]
Hey! I'm back from the guild!
[MIYABI]
Oh! Welcome back, Mister Ryoma!
So? How did it go?
I got paid for the smash
boar, just like he said.
Then, of course,
my herb collection.
So I left with
rewards for two gigs!
You made out like a
bandit by selling the meat
last night, too.
Business is really booming!
Yeah. I suppose it is.
[PIORO]
Hey there, Ryoma.
Your timing's excellent, kid!
There's something
I'd like to ask ya.
[RYOMA]
Go for it.
Ever get tired of
eating the same things?
Well I do, so I thought
I'd spice it up.
I asked our cooks to invent
something new using
the smash boar meat,
but the dishes
they came up with
are really boring.
They kinda just
keep adding salt.
My question, Ryoma, is simple.
If you have an idea, will you
cook us a special meal?
Ladies and gentlemen, my dad.
[RYOMA]
It looks exactly like pork,
so it should taste similar.
In which case...
I think I have a decent
recipe for this.
Yay! Knew you would!
Any ingredient we
have is yours to use.
Just don't forget to
make enough for me.
Why do I feel like we're
constantly taking advantage
of him?
I can help with
this one, at least.
That would be great.
Ingredients are selected.
Broth is bubbling.
Let's get cooking!
Ready, Miss Miyabi?
Just tell me what
to do, and I'll do it.
Then, start by grating
the giger there.
Sure! On it!
[RYOMA] It's funny, though they
may have different names,
a lot of Seilfall's veggies
are similar to the ones
found on Earth.
That's why I'm pretty
confident recipes from there
will taste just as good if
I try to recreate them here.
The smell alone is
making my mouth water.
Yes, indeedy!
I can hardly wait!
Looks great!
These dishes of
yours have names?
Ginger por-- oh, excuse me.
Giger smash boar and boar
soup are what they're called.
Dig in while they're still hot.
'Kay. Thank you!
Only word I have
for that is "yum!"
[PIORO] Mmm! Such an exquisite
balance of seasonings!
Don't think I could even
dream up a combo this good!
That's tasty, too!
Meat blending together
with all of the veggies
in nutritious harmony!
Bet we'd sell more
miso and soy sauce
if word about these
recipes spread!
You hunt, you clean,
and you cook delectable food!
[RYOMA] It's been so long
since I made ginger pork.
I'm glad it turned out right!
[SALESMAN A]
Get it while you can!
Your tastebuds
will thank you later!
Smells like pork.
[SALESMAN A] Come try our latest
dish, smash boar with giger!
A bold, new taste
for daring individuals.
So bust outta your
bubble and buy up!
Mister Pioro is quick, but
that's a merchant for ya.
And time is money, after all.
[CARLA] Wait. You all
came to the second shop?
[ELIARIA]
Fly, my pretties!
Carry my feelings
to Mister Ryoma!
[RYOMA] I think I've got
all the big things I need.
Time to tackle the
smaller stuff, now.
[RYOMA]
Miss Carla!
Manager!
Thanks a lot for making
such a long trip.
I take it this building
is our new store?
[RYOMA] Once I sort out some
finer details, we'll be good
to go.
[CAULKIN] Behold, our new
research institution!
[TONY]
I am so ready for this!
And I see plenty of
other businesses here.
Great for attracting customers!
[RYOMA] Yeah. We really
lucked out on the location.
Quick question though,
who are they?
[CARLA] New hires we got
specifically for the Lenaf
Bamboo Forest Laundry.
Two are clerks who will
also perform bodyguard work,
and one is a chef.
Thank you for lending your
talents to our growing chain.
I'm Ryoma Takebayashi.
[GROUP]
Very nice to meet you, sir!
I want your work environment
to be a place you like.
So if something is
uncomfortable or difficult,
don't hesitate to let me know.
You can go to Miss Carla, too.
I doubt our level of
comfort will be a problem
working for this company,
judging from our training
in Gimul.
I just wanna settle
down with a nice job.
My culinary skills may not
be as good as Miss Selma's
as of right now,
but I intend to change that.
[RYOMA] Thanks for finding such
sincere employees, Miss Carla.
They should be a perfect fit!
With introductions
out of the way,
give us a list of things
that still need to be done
for the shop,
and we'll go from there.
Sounds like a plan!
It's nearly time.
We're that much closer to the
opening of our second shop!
[PIORO] They got the new
shop prepped for its opening
in just three days.
And they managed to
do it with such a small
headcount, too.
He must've chosen quality
staff over quantity, Dad.
It isn't just that.
He's at the center of the work.
He leads by example, so his
work ethic inspires his crew.
What can I say?
He's a truly talented
businessman.
[RYOMA] I can't decide
if that took way too long
or went by way too fast.
Feels like both,
for some reason.
Would've never felt
like this on Earth.
Time there didn't go
by slowly or quickly.
It just passed.
I think I know why, though.
The people who interact
with me in this world
give meaning to
the flow of time.
The moment we've
been waiting for is here.
Yeah.
Bamboo Forest Laundry
Service's second shop
is now open for business!
[RYOMA]
Dear Lady Eliaria Jamil,
you know that other store
I mentioned starting up?
Well, it's officially
operational!
It was smooth sailing
from the instant we flipped
the welcome sign, but I
think that's due in large part
to my experience
of running the first shop.
And while it may be
too soon to say this,
I can see a handful of customers
becoming regulars already.
Either way, my second branch is
off to a terrific start, Elia!
Great work. You should be proud!
I honestly couldn't have
asked for a better opening.
I hope you realize this
success is all your own doing,
'cause I intentionally
tried not to lift a finger.
Now, let's keep this
momentum going tomorrow!
Right!
[RYOMA] Thank goodnesss,
my staff is wonderful!
I feel comfortable
relying on them.
Sorry it's so early, everyone,
but thanks for coming
to send me off.
We all wanted to be here
to wish you safe travels, sir.
And everyone came
of their own accord.
Hey, if I were in your shoes,
I'd be heading to Gimul too.
You're leaving your
Lenaf shop in great hands,
so you're smart to head
home so you can plan
your next move.
True.
This is where gets interesting,
but I'll be rootin' for ya, kid!
Open a bunch of shops
while the getting's good!
And relax.
Don't lose a single wink
of sleep over us, okay?
We're all putting our
best foot forward,
so our branch'll be
as great as the first!
You wait and see, sir.
We'll run this shop
smooth as slimes!
Take care!
Though it's not like
we won't see you again.
Thanks a lot, guys.
I needed to hear that.
I hope all of you take
care of yourselves, too!
And remember not to overdo it.
Take your own advice.
Have a break once
in a while, okay?
I'd rather this meeting
not be our last,
so don't die or anything.
Yeah. Can't go dying with
so much to do, right?
My slime studies are
nowhere near complete.
I'm also curious about
those heirlooms,
so I've gotta live.
Gotta keep my promise to Elia.
Miss Miyabi?
What's up?
[RYOMA] Since you'll be
attending the academy in the
royal capital later this year,
there's a little favor I'd like
to ask of you.
There's this girl.
Her name is Eliaria, and she'll
be attending that school
for the first time, too.
I think you'd really like her,
so maybe make it a point
to be nice if you see her?
Well, guess I don't have
an issue with that
as long as she's not
hanging with the wrong
kind of people.
But I'm pretty sure
this girl's the opposite
of a bad egg, right?
You wouldn't have mentioned
her if she weren't!
[RYOMA]
That's true.
Could you also tell her
I said "good luck"
whenever your paths cross?
[MIYABI]
Yeah, okay! I can do that.
But don't give all
your luck away!
Deal. I'll try, at least.
[RYOMA]
When I get back to Gimul,
I should do some research on
the Great Forest of Schluss.
Though, the only
monster I've fought
in preparation is
that smash boar.
[BIRD call]
[ELIARIA]
Dear Mister Ryoma,
how is life in the new
city treating you?
I'll be following your lead
and starting a new life
in the capital soon,
so I'm using your letter
as a sort of affirmation
to ready myself
for the challenge of moving.
I've been putting
almost all of my focus
on improving my taming magic.
The number of slimes
you're able to control
at once is inspiring,
Mister Ryoma.
I'll catch up one of these days,
so be on the lookout!
[SERGE]
A souvenir? You're far too kind.
[RYOMA] These condiments
are really hard to come by.
And what's life without
a little extra flavor?
Worthless, if you ask me.
Glad you're safely back in town.
Not just because it's good
to have you here in Gimul,
but so I could receive this
precious gift in person.
Are you planning
a trip of your own?
That's correct.
There's this magic item market
in the town of Keleban
that I'll be spending
an entire week visiting.
Magic items, huh? Cool.
Indeed.
[RYOMA]
Is this what I think?
But a toy car in a
world without cars?
[SERGE] You're looking at a
scale model of a magimobile.
So that thing's
powered by magic?
As the name implies!
These gears are imbued with a
neutral magic called "Spin."
It makes them spin in a set
direction once a little magic
is put into them.
They're often used
as power sources,
among other things.
And you said this magimobile
is a scale model, right?
Intelligent young man
that you are,
I'm sure you've guessed it's
a carriage-sized vehicle
people ride in.
They're also raced for sport,
and there's a large
magimobile event held
in the capital each year!
I myself am the proud
owner of such a vehicle.
But from what you've shown me,
these magimobiles
don't put out much power.
True.
Unfortunately, they aren't
what I would call practical.
But they're fun! Right?
[RYOMA]
He seems to be enjoying this.
Though, who doesn't like
when someone listens
to them talk about
their hobbies?
[SERGE] Anyway, this model
is just a sample of what
the giant buffet that is
the magic item market
has to offer.
For instance...
You can purchase
all sorts of enchanted
knick-knacks and doodads.
If they happen to be compatible,
you can create new
items without wasting
your own magic!
Creating new stuff?
You have my attention
and my curiosity.
Can't just fuse anything
together, though.
Like cooking, you need
the right ingredients.
[RYOMA] Which you get from
the magic item market,
of course!